Add doc values restriction for wildcard fields (#67503)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/params/doc-values.asciidoc

<1> The `status_code` field has `doc_values` enabled by default.
<2> The `session_id` has `doc_values` disabled, but can still be queried.

> Doc values cannot be disabled for `wildcard` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You cannot disable doc values for <<wildcard-field-type,`wildcard`>>
fields.
```
